Fix issue467- Use the imperative form for the bullet list (#542)
python/devguide: buildbots.rst

The build steps run by the buildbots are the following:

> * Checkout of the source tree for the changeset which triggered the build

Reviewer: "Checkout" is a noun, here's the verb:
```suggestion
* Check out the source tree for the changeset which triggered the build
```

* Compile Python
* Run the test suite using :ref:`strenuous settings <strenuous_testing>`

> * Cleanup the build tree

Reviewer: "Cleanup" is a noun, here's the verb:

```suggestion
* Clean up the build tree
```
